Part l
1. make a directory called first
mkdir first

2. change directory to the first folder
cd first 

3. create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt

4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv person.txt another.txt

5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt copy.txt

6. remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt

7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cp -r first second

8. delete the second folder
rmdir second

Part ll

1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
The man command is used to display the manual pages for various commands, utilities, and functions.
To exit the manual page and return to the command prompt, you can press the q key. This will quit the man command and return you to the terminal prompt.

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
The -l flag displays the long format listing.
The -a flag displays all files and directories, including hidden ones.

3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
option left/right

4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
control + e

5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
control + a

6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
option + delete

7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
A terminal provides the interface for interacting with the operating system, while a shell interprets and executes commands entered by the user within that interface.

8. What is an absolute path?
An absolute path is a complete and specific path that uniquely identifies the location of a file or directory within a file system

9. What is an relative path?
A relative path is a path that specifies the location of a file or directory relative to the current working directory

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
Flag is a modifier that alters the behavior of a command or program.
-l flag with the ls command
-a flag with the ls command
-rf flag with the rm command

11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
-r flagis used to remove directories and their contents recursively.
The f flag is used to force the removal of files or directories without prompting for confirmation.
